[Music]
seven pieces of bad relationship advice
you should never follow relationships
can be tough as it gets more serious few
problems and misunderstandings may
appear out of the blue of course
everyone has different advice for you on
how exactly your relationship should be
but even the sincerest words of wisdom
can sometimes have a negative impact on
your relationship and leave a certain
doubt in your mind bright side figured
out what kind of advice psychologists
recommend avoiding at any cost if you
want your relationship to be healthy
number seven you should find someone
better for yourself a lot of the times
friends and especially family members
may see your relationship in a bad light
they truly love you and want to see a
perfectly amazing partner by your side
and that's why they keep telling you
that he or she doesn't deserve you
simply because your partner doesn't have
a lot going on for him or her at the
moment looking at a relationship from
this perspective is completely useless
if you're only in a relationship because
you want some personal profit you're
definitely on the wrong track according
to psychologists profit-seeking cannot
be an adequate reason to start or end a
true relationship if you both only look
at each other as a way of getting money
or other material goods
it is consumerism not love in starting
doing so you can destroy a really happy
marriage or start a life that doesn't
bring you any happiness at all if your
partner makes you feel loved puts a
smile on your face supports and inspires
you to go for your goals then that's all
you need and together you will achieve
anything you want and have your straight
out of a dream bite number six show them
who's the boss don't let them push you
around it is believed that in any
relationship whether it's friendship or
love there is a person that leads in the
person that follows and it can be hard
for two leader types to be followers
from time to time in this situation you
have to remember that first of all love
partners have different fields of
responsibility in a relationship however
allow yourself to jazz things up
sometimes and change your roles so that
each of you would understand one another
better secondly never forget about
mutual understanding and respect it is
the core of any healthy and good
relationship it's not a competition on
who's better and cooler
it's the unity where both of you should
be equal that's what makes a strong and
everlasting bond don't make everything
about yourself and your wish is you are
a couple and your partner's voice should
be heard and respected just as much
number five demand that your partner is
romantic when you're in a relationship
for a long time you start looking at
your friends who just started dating and
envy how romantic and dreamy their
relationship is all these beautiful
dates flowers pretty much every day in
sweet little presents why doesn't your
partner do the same
well psychologists claim that there's a
certain romanticism time partners can't
live forever like they're in a romantic
comedy going crazy when they see each
other yes Rose and candy stage is great
but you can't demand that your partner
is in the honeymoon phase of your
relationship all the time every
relationship has different phases of
development each of them has not only
its advantages but disadvantages as well
just remember all these stupid conflicts
you used to have in the beginning and
now you've come so far you understand
and love each other on a whole other
level and you can still add some fun
adventures at any time you want you
basically have the best of both worlds
so if you feel like your wife is lacking
some romance don't start a fight with
your partner just add it yourself number
stay quiet don't make it worse conflicts
are an inevitable part of any
relationship and it's actually also a
very needed one there were all these
misunderstandings and fights you get to
know each other better figuring out what
is unacceptable to your partner and what
is his or her view on the problem it's
almost impossible to avoid conflict in a
relationship and to be honest it's
better not to do it at the same time
don't forget to resolve conflicts
exactly the moment they occur
you shouldn't suppress your feelings and
wait until they break out one day
because this will cause even more damage
to the marriage or relationship your
partner will only continue to make more
and more mistakes because he or she
simply wouldn't know that you do not
approve their actions
don't play the victim card pitying
yourself won't change anything
be honest and discuss your feelings with
your partner instead number three just
read their chat you have the right in
fact no you don't being in a couple
doesn't mean that every bit of your
partner's life should be devoted to you
every person needs to have their space
and it doesn't equal to him or her not
loving you such interference in a
partner's personal life making intrusive
calls reading personal chats tracking
locations is considered by family law
specialists to be the first step toward
abusive behavior in a family it destroys
the main component of relationship trust
your partner doesn't feel any love for
you anymore he or she feels trapped we
only wish it brings is just to get out
such actions fall into the category of
emotional abuse that ruins the
relationship just as much as the
physical one do not listen to this kind
of advice and do not make your partner a
hostage of your jealousy he or she
doesn't deserve it number two just
remind him that what he earns isn't
enough money is a very sensitive topic
especially for men so be careful with
this sort of statements this advice is a
great way to turn a little
misunderstanding into a big conflict
between partners just mention it and be
sure that all hell will break loose you
know that if you really want to you can
find a lot of mutual reproaches to make
it all even worse specialists say that
you shouldn't discuss such matters on a
daily basis and try not to mention
something like this during a big
conflict if you feel like that the best
thing to do is to help your partner to
go forward and strive for better you
probably don't want to turn into an
annoying husband or wife that's
constantly complaining about such things
so just be there for your partner and
inspire him or her to conquer more more
new peaks
number one look at me and learn this is
certainly one of the worst advice you
can possibly hear teaching by your own
example works better with kids not with
love partners you are not a child and
you shouldn't repeat someone else's
behavior every person is different and
if something worked with your friends
relationship doesn't mean it would do
the same thing with yours so when you
have marriage difficulties don't look at
other families and try to copy their way
of life you never know what problems
they may face behind closed doors there
is no universal guide on how to be in a
relationship everyone has their view on
happiness the only thing you can do
while watching other couples is to avoid
their mistakes only the two of you have
the right to decide how your
relationship is going to be so don't let
other people tell you whether it's wrong
or right if you are happy then it's all
that matters in any relationship crisis
we're the ones who know the situation
better from the inside so why don't we
tend to listen to words that might bring
us nothing good maybe because deep
inside we believe that people can see
better from the side giving us wise
advice however it's a very misleading
feeling because your relationship is
very complex and full of details no one
knows but you to that's why you should
listen only to your mind in your own
heart deep down you know exactly whether
this relationship is working or not and
what you should do to fix it it's
interesting to get to know an outside
vision and opinion but always make the
final decision yourself after all you
are the one who's going to live with it
and now here's a little bonus with harsh
but true silly and a bit funny
relationship algorithms don't take it
too seriously we're just fooling around
so if you take a smart man and add a
smart woman that's a perfect recipe for
long-lasting love as they both will find
the right ways to make the relationship
work combining smart man with stupid
woman may very much result in pregnancy
if in the couple the man is the weaker
link and the woman is the smart one then
this relationship may lead to marriage
and finally if man and woman are both
shallow minded there would be a huge and
quite an epic fail
so what's the most stupid relationship
advice you've ever heard tell us in the
comment section don't forget to hit the
like button and share this video with
your partner and all your friends
subscribe to our channel to stay on the
bright side I